hello to all of you on the life of
find you in this new video
to present you five ideas nayla
to hide your scaly varnish so I
you presented his ideas following the
size and where is the
party and notebooks our dishes like you
see it is very small gone on
my free port so that's why
I chose to make points to for
fill this little hole so I'm laying a
drop of black wine on the palette is
then with youtube everything I want
take some of the material and we
as I told you I just fill
the hole with this black polish is here
I continued to do alone or type
especially my fingernail
so I try to make enough gaps
regular
so here as you see it's
almost all my free edge that were
stalled so that's why I decided to
to make a fresco
so in fact there I do not eat
absolutely not my brush game there just
we have to turn and kill ourselves to fill
the small roads that I have my foot
so there as you see it's still
my free edge which was notebook except
that he is a little bit more than the omb the
former
so here I cut four terminals of
intel strips and I just married him
horizontally each year on
other
and I will then use my nail polish
black to fill the places where he
there are no intel strips
so here I do not use in last black
as if I pose it is abnormally I
come on I have it's only in fact of
fill in the holes to prevent the
varnish seeps under the stripping
samurai taipei completely the
pattern
I will then remove the tapes from this
pipeline tap one by one so I try
to do it in the order in which I
put them down to avoid
problems to remove them
and so then of course I can
apply a rate cost as for the
others but when I introduced you
just before then there you will see that my
polish is not only about the
league bench but also a little bit about
the plaque
so that's why I decided to
to do a pretty abstract mail art in
cutting out strips of tape with
sludges that are not similar
so sometimes they are sharp and
once they are rounded and I come but
place them where my pink polish is
still intact where there is no
scales and so here again I
unite to sting my black polish does not
do not apply it as if I will apply
a classic polish so I do not get there
only where there is no
Scotch
and then I will retire even
piece of tape
so here as you see it's the
right part of my uncle who was
stalled so I'm going to come carved a
piece of scotch and lay it in
diagonal on the part still intact
and I come then to use my
black polish to fill the party and
notebooks
and I come then removed this piece of
Scotch
so here's this video is now
I hope you have enjoyed it
do not hesitate to follow me on my blog
and on my facebook page we are all
the links will be in info bar and me
I am full